today's show is sponsored by expressvpn
don't let others track what you do
anonymize yourself at expressvpn dot-com
/ funhouse elise is on her phone
actually at least you're gonna want to
pay attention because this is a new age
an age of sin I'm gonna pull all of this
knowledge out of my head from seven and
a half years ago or something
where are you late you in front of this
wall there's a guy named blade yes
that's super cool boobs with big boobs
but she still wears a tie for some
reason there's a guy with a soul patch
who wants to bang the chick with big
boobs
I remember suicidal guards okay so
that's basically the story so now we're
gonna get the backstory and learn how
blade became so cool so this game came
out after the first one no no just
accidentally played the sequel oh okay
oh I remember that guy I don't
there's blade he went into a
LensCrafters and he said give me your
roundest glasses john blade
his name's john blade did you see that
Adam I can barely hear you guys cuz the
game is deafening look at this look at
the cinematics we are we playing as the
bird
oh we're seeing a bird I'm not
controlling this bird now this looks
like good this looks
oh [__] my god lady's not gonna stand
for that if there's one thing blade
hates more than human life it's human
life that doesn't respect animals he's
like I was gonna have sex with that bird
all right Phil Jeff and this is how the
game starts wow I would love wait don't
wait wait hold on
well if you turn around and face the
inside of the helicopter does that mean
it's your ass hanging out blades ass is
always hanging out so this takes place
in Freeport City yes where's that just
south of slave slavers Bay
cinematographer of this game it's just
incredible the camera is always moving
see and it back down for some reason
nope
they just dropped me right in okay hold
on I'm going to just volume mix this one
SEC Elisse is this exciting for you
you're part of not just fun house
history or inside gaming history you're
part of internet history yeah I feel
pretty honored to be here I don't know
why Adam will just play it as it was
meant to be played with deafeningly like
at least now you'll notice here
Blaine's signature weapon the staple gun
what is it boy oh you see him run around
the corner to get in the perfect place
that's what they do they're so tactical
yeah this is a technology that they must
have patented now that you've played
half-life 2 you can compare this these
are basically sister games there you're
either in one camp or the other one of
the games is better than the other I
won't say which one I always say but
nobody prefers them both right now
you're either one or the other it's like
are you blade or half-life are you sonic
or knuckles are you valve or vulva
exactly but being the company that made
this game yeah that I have forgotten the
name of
this gun doesn't kill them as much as it
just sort of slowly pushes that
backwards it does look like the police
force of Freeport city worked on a non
lethal weapon system like a beanbag kind
of firing system it's rubber bullets or
whatever except they made it with a such
velocity and fire rate that it
ultimately just kills the guys anyway
well no do they get hit but then they
have an honor system or you to pretend
that you're dead oh okay it's like a
Civil War Reenactment yeah see how long
it takes the bullets to get over there
yeah because they're not bullets yeah
their corks they're wine corks I still
put some body bags though that's for
sure you can kill someone with the wine
quick remember the owl and dumb and
Dumberer
no owls aren't people he found a quarter
did he just say a quarter yeah he's
really excited about it who's that hello
future mrs. blade Hey look at how wait
Danny is she wearing a shirt
hang on I just liked that she was like
I'm gonna wear a low V cut but I'm gonna
cover my modesty with a form-fitting
under top everyone knows is the most
attractive outfit for a woman it's a low
V and IV
did you did you punch a bullet hole in
his head think so could it look like wow
she seems very grateful look at her eyes
you know what's happening she looks like
she's deep faked I'm just impressed that
sounded like he said God save us but he
should say blade save us even though
blade is four foot six apparently the
monkeys take over this planet oh man now
she has to like me oh look at it go back
and look at his face oh yeah I love his
nose you broke it free looks like Dolph
Lundgren after going six rounds in the
rocky look at the calendar yeah wow that
seems not work appropriate like could
you imagine that [__] in the office
he comes and he's like oh that wasn't
the woman's that could be her on there
and she's just really proud of it either
way it's an inappropriate damn a
security door maybe can you shoot out
the glass can't what blade would do
employee the years that Monica Lewinsky
it does I mean I can see why she's she's
really good at her job I sin I need a
Viper
nothing nothing says now the desperate
game developer like I need a Viper he
must be the first person to have thought
of that who's that guy Dave Thomas
founder of Wendy's wait is he he exists
in Freeport City nothing really exists
in a port city Oh
Holland blades mine where is blade
actually working in a Wendy's that's why
I don't to reconcile the death of his
son that he caused wait how did he cost
the death of his son whose son is
playing in a fountain looking for
nickels and
[Music]
it was held under by blood it was an
accident he called me a [__] Oh rats
the rats bite you in this game that's a
new feature for an old game the rats are
also your only friends at it yeah they
don't bite you because they're evil they
bite you because it's been so long since
you've visited there in person view
there we go now we can see blade at all
times I smelled gas this is the hero
this way you can see his ponytail so you
could just drop down there that's that's
how you get there yep no you passed it
nope this floor up down no none to the
other hole that's really how much you
come up there one no yeah I mean yep but
you can't you go up the roof now and I
get the drone no you go to go up the way
to the roof where you were think so I
think so I mean are you talk about
getting a bag somewhere no no and then
go drop down Apple yeah and then you go
on that bridge and you go you're free
listen I know Freeport city like the
back of my hand Freeport born and raised
I went to Freeport you yep there he goes
you're gonna solve a puzzle with that
thing I guarantee it
let's find out he's like you're not
Brigid oh you you did scam scam I'm
afraid to shoot him oh he innocent no
he's not he's pissed let's see here this
way alright well I did that all right
where do we go from here probably into
the equipment yeah Oh dominoes holy cow
look at these puzzles these are amazing
puzzles you see that those physics
[Music]
I did they happened trapped in his
illuminated pretty cashew blade this
reminds me my time at Freeport you I
need a key
maybe this guy's key to get in there
he does not he did not like it you know
so that's murder you can't know you can
go in there hey hey JimBob narrative Wow
blade is like only four five nine or
something yeah is the requirement of
working on this construction site not to
have your shirt me your pants yes what
what happened what did he tell you I
gave me some blueprints build them a
deck I guess this is a living breathing
world those Vipers don't pay for
themselves do you think the developer
ever got his Viper and then burned his
ankle on the exhaust pipes that are
right under the door it was it a Chili's
parking lot so yes is that the same
calendar yeah you bet same date circled
still think it's the woman's yeah there
were no he's so what was the point of
knocking all that [__] over he says the
valve is stuck Oh a reference to
half-life they're stuck in their old
ways they're not making cool games like
this anymore
oh oh stick I'm out well Wow as it
fielded go back in time to when games
were good what a great trip to Freeport
shitty ghost city that's pronounced City
so you can do anything in this world you
have to sit in that chair Wow so real
here look are you seeing this I mean
yeah but isn't this what like work
simulator did what how dare you this is
where I put my treasures